
Abstract – Google  play store is engulfed with  thousands of new applications regularly with a progressively huge number of designers working freely or on the other hand in a group to make them successful, with the enormous challenge from everywhere throughout the globe. Since most Play Store applications are free, the income model is very obscure and inaccessible regarding how to application buys, adverts and memberships add to the achievement of an application. In  this way, an application's prosperity is normally dictated by the quantity of installation of the application and the client appraisals that it has gotten over its lifetime instead of the income is created. Application (App) ratings are feedback provided voluntarily by users and function important evaluation criteria for apps. However, these ratings can often be biased due to insufficient or missing votes. Additionally, significant differences are observed between numeric ratings and user reviews I have tried to discover the relationships among various attributes present in my dataset such as which application is free or paid, about the user reviews, rating of the application.

Key Words: Google Play Store Apps, Ratings Prediction, Exploratory Data Analysis, & Reviews.

Problem Statement
Every row contains various entries regarding a certain app. We will be doing Exploratory data analysis on this data set, which is a very important step in data science cycle, as it not only helps in taking very initial business decisions but also in preparing the data for further modelling in future. Our objective will be to structure the data, clean it and present certain trends that we observe that can help us draw  conclusions about the probability of success of a newly launched app.  
INTRODUCTION
We started with the Cleaning of the files and removed all the unnecessary data from the dataset for example , dropping the null cells , rectifying the wrong data cells if possible otherwise dropping them a well.

Google Play store and User Review Analysis 
In today’s scenario we can see that mobile apps playing an important role in any individual’s life. It has been seen that the development of the mobile application advertise has an incredible effect on advanced innovation. In additionally an eminent ascent of portable application designers inevitably bringing about high as can be income by the worldwide portable application industry.
With enormous challenge from everywhere throughout the globe, it is basic for a designer to realize that he is continuing in the right heading. To hold this income and their place in the market the application designers may need to figure out how to stick into their present position. The Google Play Store is observed to be the biggest application platform. It has been seen that although it creates more than two-fold the downloads than the Apple App Store yet makes just a large portion of the cash contrasted with the App Store. In this way, I scratched information from the Play Store to direct our examination on it.
With the fast development of advanced cells, portable applications (Mobile Apps) have turned out to be basic pieces of our lives. It is accounted for that Android market achieved a large portion of a million applications in September 2016. Such a lot of applications are by all accounts an extraordinary open door for clients to purchase from a wide determination extend. We trust versatile application clients consider online application surveys as a noteworthy impact for 
